hi guys just got back from us there and
we've just got that from little as well
I'm just going to let me show everything
that we've got for our grocery shop
really really fast so we've been to a
little first and Lee's got himself a
bottle of red wine Bianca and he's got
me some sparkling fizzy water basically
and some BBQ coated peanuts and six tins
are pepsi max then we've got what we got
from as des and I got some matane iam
I've got some attained IAM boom cream
nappy rash admin three packs of baby
white we've got some white chocolate
bulton two of them and some dark
chocolate ones and Holly Emily in Bobby
because Frankie and Georgie is staying
at their Nana's tonight we've got some
comfort honeysuckle and Samba would it
smells gorgeous this I really like it
it's some gel some margin bitumen C
tablets and some nappies for puppy and
body wash so Milton sterilizing tablets
that you sum up um and some rhubarb and
blackberry washing up liquid some peach
and apricot cereal for poppy for
breakfast and some some sensodyne repair
toothpaste and some Apple shampoo and
conditioner Alberto Alberto balsam yeah
and we've got two packs of bin bags then
we've got some orange squash we've got
the orange one again this week because
we wasn't none of us was really too keen
on the mixed fruits one because the
orange on said we've got some wear this
and you know usually we get through
juice like no joy on this is last adores
a hole or the block their summer fruits
one and it it would be a week since
we've got it and it's lasted us six days
so that
is a real real a long time for like like
that has lasted as ages usually get
through G so fast but not that one and
and we've got broccoli and some more
broccoli over there and I've got some
red red Leicester cheese some garlic
cloves of garlic some baby con cucumber
and lettuce some British baby skin and
we've got two packs of baking potatoes
from the red and green peppers mushrooms
and some whole wheat lasagna sheets now
might and chicken this dough chicken
gravy and some red grapes bananas some
of these and molar corner yogurts the
milk chocolate digestive the strawberry
shortcake ones and tomato puree and more
little kids orange things flip sweet
clementine to think they are the bag of
carrots and then some more potatoes and
there's me the broccoli and last week I
got some of these vegetable rice
infusions and we just got like the
garden vegetable it was right but we'd
like garden vegetables in it and today
I've got the Mediterranean vegetable
rice through those and i really like
these nodes a bit lady just sticking in
the microwave but i really like them and
i've got some dried cured ham some
jalapeno stuffed olives and three tins
of chopped tomatoes capricorn sirloin
steak and some barbecue chicken
drumsticks and thighs and
don't if I said to him it's already but
then we've got some maple belly pork
slices as well you go I love belly pork
naughty the ages and we've got some of
this a patina classic cheese it's kind
of like feta don't think it is exactly
feta but it's kind of like better and
she's got some free range eggs 12 though
i also got like a bunch of fresh mint
almost everything this is like a turkey
I wish that you guys could smell this
because it smells absolutely beautiful
it takes me back to my younger days when
I was a little gay on the lease fiat
when anima granddad's and needs to grow
in the kitchen and what is absolutely
gorgeous and I don't know what I'm going
to make with it I might put some mint
and cucumber in my soda water tonight
and jazz it up a little bit um but yeah
I just love it i could just nibble on
the leaves to be honest with you I'm a
weirdo Anna and I've got anyway moving
swiftly on I've got some kingsmill 5050
and some thick sliced off super soft
golden wholemeal bread and some toilet
bowl 12 rolls this is it's Friday today
we lasted a few chopped on Saturday last
week and so we've we've got a busy day
tomorrow so Frankie's got a football
match so when we've just had to go today
where we had a chance to be fair i don't
really i didn't really need a new
noodles or beans or things like that
because I've still got everything that I
bought last week and look your bed and
I've still got quite light in the
freezer so when ya anyways I hope that
you all right have a lovely weekend and
I will see you soon bye